and we should take a walk someday Jim
about we could have been but I don't
want to leave this place there's no
faith in Brooklyn but if I move out one
day it won't make me a better man but I
don't want to leave this place no faith
in Brooklyn I said I'm so gone oh my god
where the man you ordered me all the
sushi present bitches at the venue stop
drop roll continue Zetas trying to
mingle and I'm trying to sing you a song
I tell you that I'm leaving but I won't
be long if it was up to me I'll see you
tomorrow
but Talk's cheap so I'm paying up and
new kicks be the only way I'm laying not
so meet me I won't make it as an athlete
but that'll mean to let the competition
pass me a Moneyball Billy Beane and some
skinny jeans and the whole damn team
just some enemies cuz they seen another
kid like this it's on your mind baby you
should probably write this I told that I
can't dance good for a white kid to turn
around show me everything on my miss you
should take a walk someday
je m'appelle we could have been but I
don't want to leave this place no faith
in Brooklyn
if I move out one day they will make me
a better man
but I don't want to leave this place
I say repetition repetition like a
muscle man you just wanna tell me
understand me like a rubber band it's
2012 in now they wanna a see what's the
plan
I tell them never trust a man unless you
are so pretty on it that's it for now
watch me change my back saying I got
girls in the back of the mattress you
got girls on the map like that's it they
want to know am i chase Shauna Raekwon
good Sean or crate Sean stay longer
Krishan now either way they try to stay
for your dream to tell them keep your
eyes open you won't like what you see
then they'd be here for a minute and now
they gonna know it you're trying to die
to the peak of China to the beat can you
tell me where my faith is I'm glad you
waited in there silly me the a-list
eating a palm if you tell me how you
feel girl I know the raw rose but you
need the real world and we should take a
walk someday kima
in Brooklyn
to Emma
I don't want to leave this place
no faith no faith no faith in Brooklyn a
guy no faith no faith no faith in
Brooklyn